what the heck is going on guys my name
is Bucky Roberts and welcome to your
very first tutorial in computer
networking and I guess I should probably
mention a couple things right now first
yes I know that I really suck at first
of all handwriting and as you guys are
you know going to soon find out I'm
really terrible at drawing as well so
you know you guys are probably going to
have to suffer through that when you
watch these videos and another thing is
that I do need to specify computer
networking because whenever I was first
learning networking I was like alright
I'm going to type in networking on
Amazon get a few books and all of the
books were like people networking like
going to meet people and I'm like what
the heck so you know your first bit of
advice whenever you're looking for
networking books make sure to type in
computer networking you know just you
know helpful advice already so first of
all you're asking yourself okay what the
heck is a computer network well the most
simple definition you know if you go to
college this probably isn't the
definition they're going to give you but
it's pretty much a bunch of computers
all right you know a box with the C
resembling computers it's a bunch of
computers connected to each other all
right so that's basically what a
computer network is and I know that you
know I drew these awesome computers
right here but whenever I say computers
I don't just mean PCs and by that I mean
personal computer your desktop or you
know your Mac whatever you're using at
school I don't just mean personal
computers I'm talking about cell phones
um you know this is obviously a cell
phone kind of looks like a gun arm you
can also have a printer so whenever I
say computer I mean a bunch of different
things in aside from you know just these
computers being part of a computer
network you also have other parts as
well as you guys you're going to find
out these computers need a way to
communicate with each other and in this
little diagram I use I'll say this is
copper cable but as you know there's
also Wi-Fi and you know satellites and
there are a bunch of different parts
that make up in
entire computer network so isn't just
the computers themselves and we're going
to be going over everything so basically
let's go ahead and talk a little bit
about the copper wire or the Wi-Fi waves
you need this part of a computer network
because whenever you connect two
computers to each other they need a way
to pretty much transmit data or share
data just go ahead and write that so
that's basically the purpose of a
computer network because if you just go
ahead and connect it a bunch of
computers okay this is pretty cool but
why on earth would you ever want to
connect a bunch of computer as well the
answer is right here to share
information and you do that like I said
through copper wire fiber optics radio
waves even infrared in microwaves are
used nowadays whenever we're sharing
data between computers so with that
being said what I mean by shared data
well that kind of sounds like you're in
a school and you want to you know send
documents from Professor to professor
professor like share important you know
Skylar scholarly data
well data doesn't only mean you know
boring data that you learn in school it
can mean a bunch of different things the
first thing is of course like we said
documents maybe you have you know a
paper you wrote and you want to send it
to another college you can go ahead and
share documents but data can also mean
stuff like pictures so let me go ahead
and draw a little picture right here so
basically you can remember whenever I
talk about data a lot of people just
think of you know documents and boring
text but you can remember you know
pictures and video because if you sign
up for a data plan then of course what's
eating up all your you know usage it's
the video it's the pictures that's what
really gets you and that's why you know
Verizon is raking in the big bucks right
now so basically by data this is what's
transferred in the computer network we
have documents we have pictures well we
have videos so we'll put a little
YouTube player right here and what kind
of videos well they're on YouTube
or arm Netflix by the way I'm going to
throw a bunch of fun facts at you guys
in these tutorials did you know that
Netflix uses or is responsible for
almost thirty two actually more than
thirty two percent of the entire
bandwidth in the United States isn't
that frickin amazing
and we'll talk about why videos use so
much data but anyways these are the
different types of data that we can you
know transfer computer to computer in a
computer network Netflix videos YouTube
videos which are basically millions and
millions of videos of cats or girls
putting on makeup by the way girls why
do you need so many tutorials on how to
put on makeup you think if you put on
one way then you know it's the same way
forever but if anyone has answer to that
then just go ahead and let me know know
why
two girls need so many videos on makeup
I don't know it's mystery and of course
the biggest computer network it of all
is the internet so that is basically
your very first introductory video let's
see what we covered first of all what is
a computer network it's basically a
bunch of that's embarrassing a bunch of
computers connected to each other um why
would we want to connect a bunch of
computers to each other well for one
reason sharing data and what exactly do
we mean by data will not only text
documents or scholarly documents but
also pictures video and data is meaning
a bunch of different things nowadays so
that's basically your very first
introduction to a you know computer
networking in the next video we're going
to be talking about it's pretty much a
good way to start learning how to
classify different types of computer
networks so thank you guys for watching
don't forget to subscribe and I'll see
you guys in the next video